hey everyone i'm brad nelson and evan
irwin told me that I get a co-host that
show with Jerry so it's not Jerry TV
anymore it's GV TV so let's get into it
ha Jerry and today we're going to be
talking but a couple interesting things
in the magic community of these weeks
yeah yeah so the first thing I want to
talk about is all the delvers there's a
lot of them all and they're all flying
home little trophies yeah this last
weekend delvers took home the magical on
champs three it took home GP Salt Lake
City GP Turin GP Turin and s e-g Salt
Lake City yeah all four constructed
events over the weekend all four took
home with four delvers in their necks
yeah it's it's pretty crazy like it's
getting to a point where you have to ask
yourself like when does this become a
problem yeah you know like when when
does it actually prove itself as a
format to find anything that is just not
good for the game yeah I think this
weekend was the weekend because last
weekend I was already kind of getting a
little skeptical yeah with how many
delver decks were in the invitational
mmm but you're like I was just one
tournament like all the good players are
doing well obviously you know because
they're all really good and they all
chose Dover because it's a blue deck
basically so then you're like well maybe
it's just skewed but then know you like
you go to a grand prix in the u.s. a
grand prix across the ocean of basically
a magic online grand prix qualifier two
weeks ago yeah exactly i mean it's like
all over the place delvers not only like
doing really well but it's just winning
to it and the craziest part about it is
all these decks are different yeah they
don't know everyone's running different
swords they don't know probe or thoughts
cover and they don't even know honor the
pure intangible virtue yeah if they want
to be running captain if they want to be
playing lingering Souls if they just
want to be plain invisible stalker
there's all these different versions of
the stack and they're all winning and I
think the biggest thing is delver ties
them all together yeah of course like I
think all these decks would be
reasonable in their own right without
delver secrets but the fact that you
have delver you just get to play tone
turn one if you flip it you know you
have like 20 to 28 things that flip it
depending on the version you're playing
and that just leads to a bunch of free
wins so it makes your tournaments a lot
easier
and I don't know I think you could just
like get rid of that make everyone have
to play fair and like these decks would
still exist so what what is it about
delver like why why do you think that
it's you know making all these decks so
good it's blue I think that's the
biggest thing is that blue shouldn't
have access to these like early pressure
spells yeah like Dell Verne guys and Sam
casterbridge like all the other colors
have to fight fair like you have storm
Kirk Noble and you have champion the
parish where you know it's not like
their endgame is that great or delver
still has snapcaster mage and swords as
they're there lately and moorland haunts
give you more acres and all the temple
boosts that the equipment give you in
the late game so like you have these
vapor snakes that help out your early
turns and you have these moorland hunts
and these swords to help your Lincoln's
and none of these cards cost for and
they're all so powerful so when you're
playing a plane a human's deck yes you
have cam 2 pairs yes it might be able to
attack for 3 on turn two but you're
still have to play like hero blade hold
where if in this format if someone deals
you the hero the game is over
you